feat: add music player app project (#52405)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-string-and-array-methods-by-building-a-music-player/653fb19b515fde28243f727a.md

---
id: 653fb19b515fde28243f727a
title: Step 11
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-11
---

# --description--

> Use the arrow function syntax to create a `renderSongs` function that takes in `array` as its parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you need to show songs to be played in the UI. For this, you'll need to create a `renderSongs` function with an arrow function syntax.
```

Arrow function is a shorter way to write functions in JavaScript. It uses the variable keywords (`var`, `let`, and `const`) and fat arrow syntax (`=>`) to create functions in a more concise way:

```js
// Traditional function
function add(a, b) {
  return a + b;
}
console.log(add(3, 5)); // Output: 8

// Arrow function
const addArrow = (a, b) => {
    return a + b
};
console.log(addArrow(3, 5)); // Output: 8
```

If the function body consists of a single expression, you don't need the curly braces and the `return` keyword:

```js
const addArrow = (a, b) =>  a + b;
console.log(addArrow(3, 5)); // Output: 8
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the arrow function syntax to create a `renderSongs` function that takes in `array` as its parameter.

```
